Updated documentation (#56)
theam/tintin: doc/03-customizing-your-site.md

# Customizing your site

When you run tintin for the first time with `tintin run`, it will generate a `.tintin.yml`
file with the following initial content:

```yaml
color: blue
```

This is the main tintin configuration file. By default, Tintin will try to pull the basic

> information directly from your stack or cabal configuration file, but you can override

Reviewer: Clarification:

```suggestion
information directly from your `package.yaml` or `*.cabal` configuration file, but you can override
```
